Title:		Review Text:	Absolutely wonderful - silky and sexy and comfortable	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Intimate
Title:		Review Text:	"Love this dress!  it's sooo pretty.  i happened to find it in a store, and i'm glad i did bc i never would have ordered it online bc it's petite.  i bought a petite and am 5'8"".  i love the length on me- hits just a little below the knee.  would definitely be a true midi on someone who is truly petite."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Some major design flaws	Review Text:	"I had such high hopes for this dress and really wanted it to work for me. i initially ordered the petite small (my usual size) but i found this to be outrageously small. so small in fact that i could not zip it up! i reordered it in petite medium, which was just ok. overall, the top half was comfortable and fit nicely, but the bottom half had a very tight under layer and several somewhat cheap (net) over layers. imo, a major design flaw was the net over layer sewn directly into the zipper - it c"	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	My favorite buy!	Review Text:	"I love, love, love this jumpsuit. it's fun, flirty, and fabulous! every time i wear it, i get nothing but great compliments!"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Bottoms
Title:	Flattering shirt	Review Text:	This shirt is very flattering to all due to the adjustable front tie. it is the perfect length to wear with leggings and it is sleeveless so it pairs well with any cardigan. love this shirt!!!	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Not for the very petite	Review Text:	"I love tracy reese dresses, but this one is not for the very petite. i am just under 5 feet tall and usually wear a 0p in this brand. this dress was very pretty out of the package but its a lot of dress. the skirt is long and very full so it overwhelmed my small frame. not a stranger to alterations, shortening and narrowing the skirt would take away from the embellishment of the garment. i love the color and the idea of the style but it just did not work on me. i returned this dress."	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Cagrcoal shimmer fun	Review Text:	"I aded this in my basket at hte last mintue to see what it would look like in person. (store pick up). i went with teh darkler color only because i am so pale :-) hte color is really gorgeous, and turns out it mathced everythiing i was trying on with it prefectly. it is a little baggy on me and hte xs is hte msallet size (bummer, no petite). i decided to jkeep it though, because as i said, it matvehd everything. my ejans, pants, and the 3 skirts i waas trying on (of which i ]kept all ) oops."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	"Shimmer, surprisingly goes with lots"	Review Text:	"I ordered this in carbon for store pick up, and had a ton of stuff (as always) to try on and used this top to pair (skirts and pants). everything went with it. the color is really nice charcoal with shimmer, and went well with pencil skirts, flare pants, etc. my only compaint is it is a bit big, sleeves are long and it doesn't go in petite. also a bit loose for me, but no xxs... so i kept it and wil ldecide later since the light color is already sold out in hte smallest size..."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Flattering	Review Text:	I love this dress. i usually get an xs but it runs a little snug in bust so i ordered up a size. very flattering and feminine with the usual retailer flair for style.	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Such a fun dress!	Review Text:	"I'm 5""5' and 125 lbs. i ordered the s petite to make sure the length wasn't too long. i typically wear an xs regular in retailer dresses. if you're less busty (34b cup or smaller), a s petite will fit you perfectly (snug, but not tight). i love that i could dress it up for a party, or down for work. i love that the tulle is longer then the fabric underneath."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Dress looks like it's made of cheap material	Review Text:	Dress runs small esp where the zipper area runs. i ordered the sp which typically fits me and it was very tight! the material on the top looks and feels very cheap that even just pulling on it will cause it to rip the fabric. pretty disappointed as it was going to be my christmas dress this year! needless to say it will be going back.	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:		Review Text:	This dress is perfection! so pretty and flattering.	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Perfect!!!	Review Text:	"More and more i find myself reliant on the reviews written by savvy shoppers before me and for the most past, they are right on in their estimation of the product. in the case of this dress-if it had not been for the reveiws-i doubt i would have even tried this. the dress is beautifully made, lined and reminiscent of the old retailer quality. it is lined in the solid periwinkle-colored fabric that matches the outer fabric print. tts and very form-fitting. falls just above the knee and does not rid"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Runs big	Review Text:	"Bought the black xs to go under the larkspur midi dress because they didn't bother lining the skirt portion (grrrrrrrrrrr).

my stats are 34a-28/29-36 and the xs fit very smoothly around the chest and was flowy around my lower half, so i would say it's running big.

the straps are very pretty and it could easily be nightwear too.

i'm 5'6"" and it came to just below my knees."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Intimate
Title:	Pretty party dress with some issues	Review Text:	This is a nice choice for holiday gatherings. i like that the length grazes the knee so it is conservative enough for office related gatherings. the size small fit me well - i am usually a size 2/4 with a small bust. in my opinion it runs small and those with larger busts will definitely have to size up (but then perhaps the waist will be too big). the problem with this dress is the quality. the fabrics are terrible. the delicate netting type fabric on the top layer of skirt got stuck in the zip	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	"Nice, but not for my body"	Review Text:	"I took these out of the package and wanted them to fit so badly, but i could tell before i put them on that they wouldn't. these are for an hour-glass figure. i am more straight up and down. the waist was way too small for my body shape and even if i sized up, i could tell they would still be tight in the waist and too roomy in the hips - for me. that said, they are really nice. sturdy, linen-like fabric, pretty color, well made. i hope they make someone very happy!"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Bottoms
Title:	"You need to be at least average height, or taller"	Review Text:	"Material and color is nice.  the leg opening is very large.  i am 5'1 (100#) and the length hits me right above my ankle.  with a leg opening the size of my waist and hem line above my ankle, and front pleats to make me fluffy, i think you can imagine that it is not a flattering look.  if you are at least average height or taller, this may look good on you."	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Bottoms
Title:	Looks great with white pants	Review Text:	Took a chance on this blouse and so glad i did. i wasn't crazy about how the blouse is photographed on the model. i paired it whit white pants and it worked perfectly. crisp and clean is how i would describe it. launders well. fits great. drape is perfect. wear tucked in or out - can't go wrong.	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Super cute and cozy	Review Text:	"A flattering, super cozy coat.  will work well for cold, dry days and will look good with jeans or a dressier outfit.  i am 5' 5'', about 135 and the small fits great."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Jackets
Title:	Stylish and comfortable	Review Text:	"I love the look and feel of this tulle dress. i was looking for something different, but not over the top for new year's eve. i'm small chested and the top of this dress is form fitting for a flattering look. once i steamed the tulle, it was perfect! i ordered an xsp. length was perfect too."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	"Cute, crisp shirt"	Review Text:	"If this product was in petite, i would get the petite. the regular is a little long on me but a tailor can do a simple fix on that. 



fits nicely! i'm 5'4, 130lb and pregnant so i bough t medium to grow into. 



the tie can be front or back so provides for some nice flexibility on form fitting."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	I'm torn!	Review Text:	"I'm upset because for the price of the dress, i thought it was embroidered! no, that is a print on the fabric. i think i cried a little when i opened the box. it is still ver pretty. i would say it is true to size, it is a tad bit big on me, but i am very tiny, but i can still get away with it. the color is vibrant. the style is unique. skirt portion is pretty poofy. i keep going back and forth on it mainly because of the price, although the quality is definitely there. except i wish it were emb"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Not what it looks like	Review Text:	"First of all, this is not pullover styling. there is a side zipper. i wouldn't have purchased it if i knew there was a side zipper because i have a large bust and side zippers are next to impossible for me.

second of all, the tulle feels and looks cheap and the slip has an awkward tight shape underneath.

not at all what is looks like or is described as. sadly will be returning, but i'm sure i will find something to exchange it for!"	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	"Like it, but don't love it."	Review Text:	"Cute little dress fits tts. it is a little high waisted. good length for my 5'9 height. i like the dress, i'm just not in love with it. i dont think it looks or feels cheap. it appears just as pictured."	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Versatile	Review Text:	"I love this shirt because when i first saw it, i wasn't sure if it was a shirt or dress. since it is see-through if you wear it like a dress you will need a slip or wear it with leggings. i bought a slip, wore the tie in the back, and rocked it with white wedges. you could also wear it as a vest. be careful with the buttons. i haven't had any fall off yet, but i feel like they will. overall it's great for any occasion and it's fun to wear!"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Falls flat	Review Text:	"Loved the material, but i didnt really look at how long the dress was before i purchased both a large and a medium. im 5'5"" and there was atleast 5"" of material at my feet. the gaps in the front are much wider than they look. felt like the dress just fell flat. both were returned. im usually a large and the med fit better. 36d 30 in jeans"	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Intimate
Title:	Huge disappointment	Review Text:	I have been waiting for this sweater coat to ship for weeks and i was so excited for it to arrive. this coat is not true to size and made me look short and squat. the sleeves are very wide (although long). as a light weight fall coat the sleeves don't need to be as wide because you wouldn't be layerng too much underneath. the buttons need to be moved at least three inches in for a nicer fit. i thought about redoing the buttons myself but the sleeves looked even more out of proportion with a tigh	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	"Loved, but returned"	Review Text:	"The colors weren't what i expected either. the dark blue is much more vibrant and i just couldn't find anything to really go with it. fabric is thick and good quality. has nice weight and movement to it. the skirt just wasn't for me, in the end."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Bottoms
Title:	Great shirt!!!	Review Text:	I have several of goodhyouman shirts and i get so many compliments on them. especially the one that says forehead kisses are underrated. don't hesitate. buy this shirt. you won't be sorry.....	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Intimate
Title:	Great layering piece	Review Text:	"This sweater is so comfy and classic - it balances a quirky hand-knit look with a beautiful color and practical fit. it is a bit cropped and boxy as part of the style, and as others mentioned, there are gaps in the knit that make it see-through. in my opinion this makes it perfect for layering! i like having a longer camisole showing underneath, or wearing it over a little dress. it's warm but still thin enough to fit under a jacket or coat."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	Beautifully made pants and on trend with the flared crop. so much cuter in person. love these!	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Bottoms
Title:	Cuter in oerson!	Review Text:	"I never would have given these pants a second look online, in person they are much cuter! the stripes are brighter and the fit more flattering. the crop has a cute flare which is right on trend. this brand has always run small for me, i am 5'8 about 140lbs and carry some chubbiness in the belly. i paired it with a collarless loose navy blazer"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Bottoms
Title:	Love these pants	Review Text:	These pants are even better in person. the only downside is that they need to be dry cleaned.	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Bottoms
Title:	Mehh	Review Text:	"I ordered this 3 months ago, and it finally came off back order. a huge disappointment. the fit wasn&#39;t so much the issue for me. the quality of the wool is subpar. someone else mentioned a &quot;felted wool&quot;...i guess, is that what you call it?  it does literally feel like felt! super thin, itchy, doesn&#39;t drape very well, and feels cheap (made in china). i got it on sale, but still not worth what i paid. definitely going back."	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Love this dress!	Review Text:	"This is such a neat dress. the color is great and the fabric is super soft. i am tall so the long length was an added bonus. it definitely needs something underneath since the front gaps. i am going to pair it with a funky tank top, necklaces and boots. super cute!!"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Intimate
Title:	Lovely!	Review Text:	"Wouldn't have given them a second look but tried them on in store of a whim. love, love!!"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Bottoms
Title:		Review Text:	"This is a comfortable skirt that can span seasons easily. while not the most exciting design, it is a good work skirt that can be paired with many tops."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Bottoms
Title:	Beautifully cut lightweight coat	Review Text:	"Just ordered this in a small for me (5'6"", 135, size 4) and medium for my mom (5'3"", 130, size 8) and it is gorgeous - beautifully draped, all the weight/warmth i'll need for houston fall and winter, looks polished snapped or unsnapped. age-appropriate for both my mom (60's) and myself (30's). will look amazing with skinny jeans or leggings. we ordered the gray which is true to the photos."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	Super cute and comfy pull over. sizing is accurate. material has a little bit of stretch.	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Intimate
Title:		Review Text:	Great casual top with flare. looks cute with grey pilcro stet jeans. flattering with peplum in back. nice cut for shoulders and neckline.	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"Pretty and unique. great with jeans or i have worn it to work with slacks and heels. the colors, print, and embroidery are lovely. reasonably priced!"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"This is a beautiful top. it's unique and not so ordinary. i bought my usual medium and i found that it fits tight across my chest. although i had a baby this year and i am nursing, so that could be why. if i bought again i would size up."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Soft & lovely	Review Text:	"This poncho is so cute i love the plaid check design, the colors look like sorbet & cream and it will pair well with a turtleneck and jeans or pencil skirt and heels. i love this look for fall and it can roll right into spring. great buy!!"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Some things you should know...	Review Text:	"First, this is thermal ,so naturally i didn't expect super sheer, but it is. really sheer light fabric. i like it, but be prepared for considering who you might run into if you walk around the house in it. second, it is large. i ordered the size 0 and it's a nice oversized fit for my 5'3"" 125 pounds. i wouldn't want to go larger. along with being sheer, the fabric is easily stretched, which i don't mind in this case. finally, the color. it looks white on my monitor and shows a colorful blue dot"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Intimate
Title:	Beautiful!	Review Text:	"Tried this on today at my local retailer and had to have it. it is so comfortable and flattering. it's too bad the picture online has the model tucking it into the skirt because you can't see the ruching across the front. a little dressier alternative to a plain tee and reasonably priced for retailer. 5'8"""" and i generally wear a 6, the small fit well. will probably be back for the black!"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Love the two tone design	Review Text:	I bought this item from online... the fit on the model looked a little loose but when i got mine it seemed a bit tight! so i took it back to the store & ordered a larger size. for the sale price this is a great top.	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	I love this top. i wear it all the time.  the problem is that you can tell i wear it all the time as the fabric has started to fade.  i'd still recommend it as it is so comfortable.	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"Very comfortable, material is good, cut out on sleeves flattering"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Love the color!	Review Text:	"This sweater is perfect for fall...it's roomy, warm, super comfy and the color really pops."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Love the embroidery!	Review Text:	"Really cute top! the embroidery on the collar & bib of this top is beautiful and unique, received lots of compliments & questions about where i got it. i'm rather busty up top and the medium fit well, a small probably would've fit better but it's still super adorable."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Cute for fall	Review Text:	"This is a cute top that can transition easily from summer to fall. it fits well, nice print and it's comfortable. i tried this on in the store, but did not purchase it because the color washed me out. this is not the best color for a blonde. would look much better on a brunette. if this was in a different color i most likely would have purchased it."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Love	Review Text:	"I absolutely love this bib tee! it's probably my favorite retailer purchase of all time. i'm 5'7"", 140 pounds and the small was a perfect fit for me. i typically wear either a s or m tops."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"Love the color and style, but material snags easily"	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Flattering and comfortable	Review Text:	"Very soft and comfortable. the shirt has an unusual, asymmetrical seam that appears along the front, right-hand side of the garment. (the model is positioned so that you can't see this detail from the picture. i attached a picture that includes the front seam.) i actually like the seam - it creates more visual interest, and adds a little bit of ruching that helps hide my belly. the cowl neck is very well done - there are two layers that form the cowl, and i've found that it means wardrobe malfun"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Cute top	Review Text:	"Nice top. armholes are a bit oversized but as an older woman, i'm picky about that. the print is pretty and unusual. it just didn't look great on me. there's a slight peplum in the back that hangs nicely. it's a lightweight tee fabric that's opaque. i tried it on with a black bra which was barely visible. great for warmer climates but there are so many gorgeous tops out now, that i decided to return since summer is winding down. i do recommend."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops

Title:	Soft and cute as can be!	Review Text:	This is an adorable top that i find to be extremely comfortable. i don't usually buy prints but this one is so feminine and looks great with dark wash jeans. i am a 36d and the medium was a perfect fit.	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"I am pregnant and i thought this would be a great sleep bra. it's soft and fits okay, but it has zero support or shape. i would only buy if you are a b cup or smaller and can get away without support. if i would have seen this is the store, i would have passed over it. however, i was too lazy to return so i am wearing it. it's comfortable so that's a redeeming quality. i would not recommend for larger chested ladies, though!"	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Intimate
Title:	"Boring front, great back"	Review Text:	This tank fit well and i loved the ruffle in the back and how it layed. but the front was not a good look and i will be retuning it.	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"I got this in the petite length, size o, and it fit just right. i like that i didn't have to have it altered in the length; can wear with flats with plenty of clearance to the floor from the bottom hem. my only beef with the design is the height of the waist. i personally think that the elastic waistband looks cheap, and really needs to be concealed with a belt, yet because it sits so high, literally right under the bustline, it's a tricky one to pull off. i have a wide belt that sort of does th"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Soft and comfortable	Review Text:	"I've been looking for bralettes that provide some support but not binding/tight for night time and casual wear. this is a light weight bra, could be a little more supportive. pretty color, with nice lines. only downside is the retailer tag on the back - itchy (i need to remove it.)"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Intimate
Title:	Gorgeous dress!	Review Text:	"This dress is simply beautiful and stunning. it is so figure flattering and i can't wait to wear it. size small worked for me, and since i'm tall it fell right to my ankle which is perfect for me. i could not be happier with the purchase and the keyhole in the back is a beautiful detail."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Itchy tags	Review Text:	"3 tags sewn in, 2 small (about 1'' long) and 1 huge (about 2'' x 3''). very itchy so i cut them out. then the thread left behind was plasticy and even more itchy! how can you make an intimates item with such itchy tags? not comfortable at all! also - i love bralettes and wear them all the time including to work. i am a b cup. however, this one is so thin and flimsy that it gives no support even to a b cup - so for me this would only be a lounging bralette - if it wasn't so itchy!"	Rating:	1	Department Name:	Intimate
Title:	Must have	Review Text:	I recently got this on sale after looking at it forever on my wish list. i'm so happy with it. its very comfortable and just long enough for my torso (5'3). the pattern on the front is very flattering.	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Cute top! love the brand	Review Text:	"Very comfortable shirt, light weight top with lovely floral colors. great for spring/summer with white jeans. love everything one september makes!"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Love this top	Review Text:	Loved this top and was really happy to find it on sale!	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"Beautiful top, but delicate! i wore it to school and the straps on my backpack caused some pilling. other than that it is beautiful and vibrant! just make sure you aren't doing/wearing anything that will rub it continuously since the fabric is delicate"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Super cute and unique top	Review Text:	"Just received this in the mail, tried it on and am smitten. i'm usually a l, but sometimes i'm a xl (if no stretch), in retailer tops. i bought this one in l and i'm sure glad i did. very flowy, stretchy and comfortable. i also bought the meda lace top from one september and they are very similar expect this is more of a t-shirt and the other is more of a blouse. i almost think i could've gotten a m in this because there is a lot of extra fabric at the chest which is usually never the issue for me"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Beautiful top	Review Text:	"Love this top! i kept eyeing it online and wavering on size, since my post-baby body is a little wonky. i went with the xsp, and miraculously, it works perfectly! so, i would say it does run just a little large..... i love the length, and usually do not go with petite sizes at retailer because i like the longer lengths of the regular. but this is perfect on me, and there is give up top, so it looks lovely. and it is very soft and comfortable. this will be a go-to top this season!"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	I wanted to love this top...	Review Text:	"I really loved this top online and wanted to love it in person. it is soft and the patter is okay in person. the neckline is higher than i am used to. also, there are two buttons in the back that must be unbuttoned in order to wear the top. it is difficult to button them behind your neck with the top on. unfortunately i had to return this item..."	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Great summer fabric!	Review Text:	"I really wanted this to work. alas, it had a strange fit for me. the straps would not stay up, and it had a weird fit under the breast. it worked standing up, but the minute i sat down it fell off my shoulders. the fabric was beautiful! and i loved that it had pockets."	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	"Cute, but massive sweep"	Review Text:	"This top is so cute, but it is massively babydoll shaped (a- line) which is not apparent from the pictures. i measured the xs i have and the chest is about 42"" and sweep is over 70"". i would definitely keep this top if it hung straighter. the craftsmanship is lovely and fabric is so natural and handwoven looking. i'm thinking about asking my tailor if she can take the sides in, but that might ruin it as the fabric layout is cut and proportioned to this swing style."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Short and boxy	Review Text:	"Why do designers keep making crop tops??!! i can't imagine this would be flattering on anyone, especially someone average height and well endowed on top. i looked like a football player. the pattern and fabric are gorgeous, so if you are like 4' tall and super tiny and can fit xxs this may work? i am between a 6-8 and fit a small and it was huge on me and almost was bigger at the bottom than the top. such a weird cut. there is a cami underneath so if it rides up that will show but that is so 80s"	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Beautiful design	Review Text:	"I have a short torso and this works well for me. 34c, bought the 0. there's not much stretch to the fabric so it is fitted to my chest, but not in an uncomfortable way. definitely doesn't hang and have extra fabric like on the model. zipper goes almost all the way down to the bottom so it's easier to get on and off which makes up for the lack of stretch n the fabric.



unlike another reviewer, i found it went really well with navy pants and i wore it to a business meeting under a blazer. wi"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"I love this top. it is loose and comfortable. it is not sheer so you don't need a cami. it runs a little large so size down if you want a more tailored fit. 1 criticism, it catches on sharp jewelry or belts and can pull if you are not careful."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	I passed up this dress so many times in the store and finally tried it on today because i wanted a casual dress while traveling in the cape. i was surprised how much cuter it is on than on hanger. i sized down to get a more fitting look and really made a difference for me in style. i was not a fan of the way it looked so loose on model. it looks really cute fitted and a bit sexy even. it is lined and very comfy and can be dressed up a but for work with a cardi. i believe i will get a lot of wear	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Very very cute but a lot of fabric	Review Text:	"I am so drawn to baby doll and boxy shirts so i immediately tried this on in the store. i am petite and only 5'2"", so usually shirts with a lot of fabric swallow me whole but this one was still cute. there is a lot more fabric than the picture lets on, but i think it is still super cute and flattering. i would definitely check the size chart and read comments to see if someone with your same size description has recommended a specific size for your body type. i am petite and weigh about 110 lbs"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Runs large in top and waist	Review Text:	"I would have loved this dress if the bust and waist were just a little more fitted. i am 32c and the top was too big. fit perfectly on hips. the lace material means it cannot be easily altered, so i chose to return the dress. i would have definitely kept it if it were a better fit."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Zipper broke	Review Text:	"The zipper broke on this piece the first time i wore it. very disappointing since i love the design. i'm actually going to try to replace the zipper myself with something stronger, but annoying that it's come to that."	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Obsessed	Review Text:	I usually size up with this brand. small was perfect for me at 135lbs. this top has a luxurious but casual feel and beautiful. i am obsessed and want to wear it everyday. it wears a little long and drapey but a little tight where it rolls up in the arms.	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	So cute...but dry clean?!	Review Text:	"This dress is adorable - it's a perfect casual look for summer and the quality is nice with the lining (though still overpriced, in my opinion). the tie detail is somewhat adjustable, and i found my normal size s to fit fine (5'7, 128#). where this gets me is the fact that it's dry clean...totally doesn't make sense for a dress that is essentially a fancy tshirt for summer. i might bring it back for that alone, since i originally planned to wear it a lot. :("	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Elegant classic dress	Review Text:	"I am usually a petite 6 but since this dress did not come in petites i tried on 4 and it fit. i'm 5'1"" -112lbs so dress hit rt below knee -will have it hemmed up a bit do not so overwhelming.

this dress looks stunning on! great vibrant color ( i have dark hair) makes this classic elegant dress look contemporary and stylish. when i tried it on in store, salesperson and others who happen to see it on me raved and told me to grab it! i did and am glad.

i plan to wear it this spring for my daughte"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:		Review Text:	Loved this top. great design. comfortable and unique. soft material	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Cute parka!	Review Text:	"The rest of the reviewers are right about the color being in accurately pictured. i ordered the dark orange color and i recieved more of a dark cedar brown colored jacket. the print is great, i love it! it's so different than any other jackets ive seen. while the jacket is Ì£å_ber cute, it is a bit bulky (though the waist tie helps with that) and its not heavy winter appropriate ( it's not waterproof or heavily insulated). for your average winter day though, it will be a fun option! the removable v"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Jackets
Title:	Just lovely	Review Text:	"I purchased this top in an antro store last week. the quality is wonderful and the greenish blue color is very unique. the blouse has a beautiful stretchy camsiole that is attached at the shoulders, but can be removed by snaps. i tooks great when worn two different ways. i wore it with the campole out, and it peeks through the blouse at the bottom. it also looks great when the camisole is worn in. my only wish is that it would come in a petite size as it's a touch big at the shoulders and neckli"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Casual & unique tee	Review Text:	"I received this shirt in my typical xs and it fits perfectly. i?m not crazy in love with it but i also don?t dislike. the shirt is on the thin side. do i need to wear a cami underneath it, no. my concern is holes. it does remind me of a material that could develop some holes after some wear and washes. with that being said i?ll wash this shirt in cold water and hang dry and hopefully that will prevent holes from developing. the length is fine and i do like the slits in front?it adds a little dim"	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"I was really hoping to like this, but it did not look the way it does on the model, at least not on me. the sharkbite hem is much more pronounced and looser. the one in the photo looks like it was pinned back. i am 5'8"" and usually wear a medium or large. i got a medium and there was a lot more material on the bottom half than the photo shows. it made me look bigger and was not flattering. material has a nice weave but it's thin and delicate. i bought the (holly) deep olive and the blue. colors"	Rating:	1	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Neutral blue	Review Text:	"I tried this on from the sale section, and they only had a 2 (i usually do 0), and surprisingly, that size was the right fit. it is fitted, with just enough room to eat :-) 

te blue is a light blue, almost neutral, with the white embroidery, i think it looked stylish, and decided to keep it. the peplum part hit just in the right spot, i am short (petite) but my torso is normal size..."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	True to size to large	Review Text:	"I debated n that as i think it looks loose on the model, but if i was to tighten it, it looks a lot more flattering... i tried on the xs in the store (i usually do that to decide if i need petite), and it looked huge, when we pinched the back to see if xxs would work, it was a lot of fabric, and looser didn't look as good on me... but i like the dress overall, so still recommend. and for those who like the looser look, this is great. i would, however, order eptite for 5'1.5"". (115 lbs, 03 dd che"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Huge	Review Text:	"Really cute piece, but it's huge. i ordered an xxs petite and it was unfortunately extremely wide and not flattering. returning."	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	"Pretty, but not for me..."	Review Text:	"I bought this top online in the burnt orange color and was so excited to get it. when i tried it on, the fit was fine but it just lacked...something. the back was a little bit too long, the front was a little bit too short and it lacked the overall tailored look that i was after. gorgeous fabric and top, but not for me. i wanted something more for $150! bought the velvet tunic instead ;)"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Sweet flattering dress	Review Text:	"I love cute summer dresses and this one, especially because it is made out of linen, is unique. it is very well-made with a design that is quite flattering. i am 5 foot 6 and a little curvy with a 38 c bust and i got a size 10. it fits well although it is difficult to zip up because the material has no give. the perfect dress to wear to italy or france! now i just have to book my tickets!"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:		Review Text:	"This top is so much prettier in real life than it is on the model. the pattern and texture are both lovely, and the peplum is surprisingly flattering. it is definitely on the short side, but i think that gives it a modern look. the fabric does not stretch at all, but i still think it fits tts. if you have a very large chest you may want to go up a size, but otherwise i would order your normal size."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:		Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:		Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	"Beautifully made, but not versatile"	Review Text:	"This shirt caught my eye because of how beautiful it was. i love the shape, design, and and the color. it's perfect for spring and summer with some white pants. unfortunately, i don't see any possibilities for this shirt to be worn any other way. so far, it doesn't work with any of my jeans, skirts, or shorts. i usually prefer items with more versatility for outfits, so i'm still on the fence if i'm going to keep it or not. with that aside, it seriously is a great quality shirt with a beautiful"	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Casual elegance!	Review Text:	"Purchased this top online, and when i received it was very pleased.

it has and elegant cut and yet is a casual fabric.

love that the sleeves run longer......ads to the overall look.

also loved the v neckline.........enhances the feel of the overall style.

with various necklaces this top has limitless options!

the color states moss....which i usually think of as greenish brown......i found it to be more of a taupe.

would have liked it to have a green tones, however it is still a fantastic f"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"I usually wear a medium and bought a small. it fit ok, but had no shape and was not flattering. i love baby doll dresses and tops, but this was a tent. my daughter saw me try it on and said ""that's a piece of tablecloth."" it's going back."	Rating:	1	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Huge	Review Text:	"I was very excited to order this top in red xs. so cute, but it was huge, shapeless and support thin! it had to go back. i should've looked at other reviews."	Rating:	1	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:		Rating:	5	Department Name:	Jackets
Title:	Pernette henley	Review Text:	"I am in need of easy comfortable tops for everyday wear. i bought this top mostly because of the cute buttons. when i received it, it looked exactly as it does in the picture online, however, the buttons kept slipping out of their homes because the holes were slightly too big. the shirt fit but was just a tad snug near the upper arms, which would stretch and loosen up throughout the day. it's definitely a comfortable shirt, but it felt more like a pajama top. it's going back."	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Comfy	Review Text:	"At first i wasn't sure about it. the neckline is much lower and wavy than i thought. but after wearing it, it really is comfortable. it stretches a lot, so i wear a cami underneath so when i lean forward i'm not showing the world my torso."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	"Simple, stylish, lovely-runs a bit big"	Review Text:	"I find that this brand can be a little bit all-over-the-place with sizes. had i tried this on in person i may have bought it in a small instead of a m. despite being a bit big it still looks great and hides my flaws well. i bought a m in another shirt from them (the seamed scoop neck) and that shirt was a full 2 inches smaller in the bust than this. just something to keep in mind. still a great shirt, love the neutral color."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Stunning lace top	Review Text:	This top is absolutely stunning. i purchased the white one. just received and it fits nicely-a little on the big side but i believe it looks better that way. this will look great with everything. it is well constructed and looks very unique. love it!	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Not a fan	Review Text:	The fabric felt cheap and i didn't find it to be a flattering top. for reference i am wearing a medium in the photos and my measurements are 38-30-40.	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"Runs big and looked unflattering. i am petite, might work on someone taller."	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Excited ... but ...	Review Text:	"I bought this lovely silk/velvet shirt in the &quot;sky&quot; color but it is more on the teal blue side than sky blue, which disappointed me. it is definitely darker than appears in photo. still a luxurious well-made beauty with sassy appeal. it drapes like a snake slithering down your body. it comes with attitude."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Beautiful shirt but runs small!	Review Text:	Was so excited to order this beautiful shirt!  and the color sky is gorgeous!  but as another reviewer said--it runs small.  it was also way too short.  so sadly i will be returning this.  i gave it 5 stars because it is beautiful and great quality--it just didn't fit me.	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Beautiful	Review Text:	I ordered ivory in xl because this brand tends to run tight if you're well endowed. it's a beautiful color and i love the contrasting plaid lining the inside of the collar and cuffs. haven't decided about keeping it because it looks oversized (but cozy) and it's really long. it almost touches the top of my knees in back. sooooo pretty though.	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Perfect fall shirt!	Review Text:	"The shirt is exactly as it is pictured, i have the burnt orange color and love it! i received numerous compliments both paired with jeans and tucked into a fun skirt. it fits true to size, as i normally wear a small in all retailer however it is the slightest bit tight in the shoulders. i would give this top a 5/5."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	"Perfect dress for hot, humid, sticky weather."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Poor quality	Review Text:	This is so thin and poor quality. especially for the price. it felt like a thin pajama top. the buttons are terrible little shell buttons. this could not have been returned faster.	Rating:	1	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	An almost for me...	Review Text:	"I didn't end up keeping this dress...it just wasn't right for me. it is very cute and fit well but the fabric was very thin (partially lined which is a plus) and the hem line coming up on the sides made it just too short for me. i ordered the petite xs and liked the length in front and back well but the side slit/vent was just too high for my liking. the tie part hit at the perfect spot for me at only 5'4"" (~118#). i guess i just didn't ""love"" it and would rather save my funds for something i ca"	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	"Beautiful, stunning, cozy top!"	Review Text:	"I read the first review on this and ordered both a small and a medium as i thought this would run small. i have to totally disagree with the reviewer! i find that this top runs true to size or even generous! the sky color is so pretty and this top can be dressed up with some nice heels and a necklace or it can be comfy casual! i usually wear a small in hh brand and this one was true to fit (5""2"", broad shoulders, 120 lb)"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Cute and comfy	Review Text:	"This dress is comfortable and stylish at the same time. it runs true to size. i'm 5'1"" 113 lbs and got the xs petite. wore it once so far for a few hours and got a few compliments on it!"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Disappointing quality	Review Text:	"The design/shape of the dress are quite flattering, flirty and feminine. but.... there is no way that the dress i received is new. the color is a faded washed out red and there are black stains all over the belt area. there is no tag... the fabric looks droopy and laundered and is not crisp, stiff or new. i am very disappointed by the quality of the item that i received. undoubtedly this one is going back.

dear retailer - please make sure that you do not send pre-owend clothing articles to"	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Cute tee	Review Text:	"This one totally worked for me. love the color, length, and style."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Very vintage feel	Review Text:	"Prior reviewer nailed it with the summary of this dress. it definitely needs heels. i'm 5'4"", 120#, 34d and this is a size 36. i usually wear a size s or 4 with most retailer stuff."	Rating:	4	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:		Review Text:	"This is the perfect summer dress. it can be dressed up or down. the quality of the linen fabric is very nice. i'm 5'1"" and it hit right below my knees. i found it to run true to size. those with a smaller bust might want to go down a size, but the tie in the front can be adjusted. it's lovely."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	Awkward fitting	Review Text:	"First, the fabric is beautiful and lovely for spring and summer. i really wanted to like this top, but the fitting is so awkward for me. i typically where a 0/xs, and sized up in the shirt to a size 2. it was very tight and pulled funny across the chest (size 32/a). i also found the cut at the shoulders very narrow (need a strapless bra) and made it look unflattering overall. had to return this one back to the store."	Rating:	2	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	Cozy casual - perfect for fall	Review Text:	"The color is perfect for fall and into winter. only the inside collar on the photo shows the subtle plaid lining. the lining was an unexpected bonus, and adds even more dimension to the shirt if the sleeves are turned up.

the fit is true to size and the 'stressed' velvet fabric is current for this season.

i'm going to enjoy wearing this shirt."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	The perfect striped t	Review Text:	"The perfect striped t-shirt, and the cute little buttons down the front are a wonderful accent with each one being different. i love it!"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:		Review Text:	Great look and you can wear this vest with almost everything . i normally wear a small but they only had mediums and it fit fine( i like it tied). this will stay in my closet all year round . it does look like it will wrinkle easily but that doesn't bother me . a must buy !	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Jackets
Title:		Review Text:	"This is a great pull over dress that can easily be dressed to wear to work, to a bbq, or to happy hour. i have a large chest which sometimes makes this fit look like a tent but this fabric drapes nicely. the only thing i would note is the neckline was slightly higher on me than for the model."	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Dresses
Title:	So beautiful! gorgeous orange color!	Review Text:	"After reading the previous reviews, i ordered a size larger. i am so glad i did it! it fits perfectly! i am 5'4""/115/32dd and went with the s regular. so beautiful! i can't wait to wear it!"	Rating:	5	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	"Lovely top, not lovely shape"	Review Text:	"I was so excited to try out this top since it was such a bargain and neutral. unfortunately, the shape is ""a"" line and accentuates the hip area a bit more than i find flattering. so, it will be returned."	Rating:	3	Department Name:	Tops
Title:	"Wonderfully made, poorly designed for busty gals"	Review Text:	"Like others reviewers mentioned on here, this dress is extremely well made. but there were too many cons for me, as well. this would most certainly work on a petite/shorter frame, but for tall, busty, and curvier girls, it just sits wrong on all places unfortunately. the color is lovely along with the nice collar that ties in the back really made this dress stand out.